an avalanche swept away this morning a
livigno three hikers on the mountain
of the snow towards the area the idea
fortunately everyone is safe and none
serious consequence for those involved
we interviewed luca silvestri
eyewitness to what happened
around half past eleven this morning
i was i was at home i quiet
heard of the verses above on the
boat of the place and saw three
skiers who were all coming down and
three together we say that it is not really
right and the avalanche that was there has come off
has swept them overwhelmed all 32 ho
since they immediately managed to get out
one instead was overwhelmed by the
Avalanche
everything was born well then I saw that I am
dropped
I called the help arrived
the helicopter tries meanwhile have them
also seen getting off who managed to
go out alone in autonomy and hyper
reached and you talked to us after I got them
seen because I wanted curiosity I wanted
understand who they were and how they were equipped
I saw they had shovel and probe
they were probably equipped
they just got it all wrong
together when you should
go down one at a time while staying in one
safe zone
looking at the companions while they are not descending
they knew the area not because they were here
I'm skiing for the day and then tonight
probably back home or foreigners
they were translated Swiss visas
German we asked instead to the
matteo galli helicopter rescue technician
what are the conditions of the mantle
snowy of Livigno and also some
tips for those wishing to practice
off-piste in the coming days and
conditions and level of danger though
they are rather quite high
dangerous enough to wait
some days that the snow settles and
in fact we have seen around
several avalanches also spontaneous of
consequently we must perhaps be patient
little bit and and remain extremely
prudent in these days also posting
which was even late
morning for three Swiss hikers
fortunately they remained involved
without consequences silipo there are some
direct testimonials they have
witnessed the scene and here is perhaps a
mistake that is good not to do is what
when one senses that one moves on one
land that presents dangers
take the necessary precautions in the
specific case would have been
simply to move into
security one by one from one point
sure to another safe point while
these were skiing
simultaneously on the same slope e
consequently it becomes easy to trigger
the avalanches
the advice the advice is to
realize that when the conditions
they are as dangerous as these days
one must have patience to move
clearly and equipped with all
taking all the procedures of
necessary security
but to get in his head that you can't
always go wherever there are
days where you can only go up
slopes less steep a little simpler and
however safer and on the bulletin le
directions are there